README.md, before:

# Study Group Finder

## About The Project
Study Group Finder is a web application designed to help students find and join study groups for their courses. This tool aims to facilitate collaborative learning and make it easier for students to connect with peers in their educational institutions.

## Install on own machine
For detailed instructions on how to use the install and run application, please refer to our [help guide](study.group.finder/HELP.md).

## Website
You can access the Study Group Finder at [cblankenback.tech](http://cblankenback.tech).


## Getting Started
Welcome to the Study Group Finder! This guide will walk you through the steps to use the application effectively.

### Signing Up
- Visit the main website.
- Navigate to the signup page.
- Fill in your details and submit the form to create an account.
- You will then be auto added to some courses

### Logging In
- Open the login page from the homepage.
- Enter your credentials to access your account.

### Joining a Study Group
- Browse available study groups from the dashboard.
- Click on the Study group you want to join
- You can now see more information about the study group
- Join a group by clicking the 'Join' button next.

### Creating a Study Group
- Navigate to the 'Create Group' section.
- Provide the necessary information about the new study group.
- Submit the form to make your study group available for others to join.

Commit message:

fixed alot of stuff and cleaned it up
- cleaned up the website
- fixed bugs
- added create class option
- added API info page

README.md, after:

# Study Group Finder

## About The Project
Study Group Finder is a web application designed to help students find and join study groups for their courses. This tool aims to facilitate collaborative learning and make it easier for students to connect with peers in their educational institutions.



## Install on own machine
For detailed instructions on how to use and install and run application, please refer to the [help guide](study.group.finder/HELP.md).

## Website
You can access the Study Group Finder at [cblankenback.tech](http://cblankenback.tech).


## Getting Started
Welcome to the Study Group Finder! This guide will walk you through the steps to use the application effectively.

### Signing Up
- Visit the main website.
- Navigate to the signup page.
- Fill in your details and submit the form to create an account.
- Password do get encrypted and they are stored encrypted (althugh on the website I didnt buy end to end encrypted, meaning that from the website to the back-end it is not encrypted).
- You will then be auto added to some courses

### Logging In
- Open the login page from the homepage.
- Enter your credentials to access your account.

### Joining a Study Group
- Browse available study groups from the dashboard.
- Click on the Study group you want to join
- You can now see more information about the study group
- Join a group by clicking the 'Join' button next.

### Creating a Study Group
- Navigate to the 'Create Group' section.
- Provide the necessary information about the new study group.
- Submit the form to make your study group available for others to join.
